Tagging ingested IOC (HTTPFeedApiModule bug) (#12068)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedBruteForceBlocker/ReleaseNotes/1_0_6.md

#### Integrations
##### BruteForceBlocker Feed

> - Fixed an issue where tags field was not shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where Tags defined in the feed instance configuration was not associated as an indicator field.
```
